tweak and organize PR template details (#6504)
desktop/desktop: .github/pull_request_template.md

## Release notes

<!--

If this is related to a feature, bugfix or improvement, we'd love your help to

> summarize thes change to assist with drafting the release notes when this pull

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summarize these changes to assist with drafting the release notes when this pull
```

request is merged.

You can leave this blank if you're not sure.

> If you don't believe this needs to be mentioned in the release notes, write "no-notes".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't believe this PR needs to be mentioned in the release notes, write "Notes: no-notes".
```
